Rockskip: add more help info to the status page and docs (#36200)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_intelligence/explanations/rockskip.md

## How do I enable Rockskip?

> **Step 1:** Set these environment variables on the `symbols` container:

Reviewer: suggestion(non-blocking): Instead of having step 1 to step 4 which are marking in bold, perhaps it would be useful to add two `###` headings here.

```md
### Step 1: Set environment variables for the `symbols` container

...

### Step 2: Kick-off indexing and verify

...
```

Step 3 and Step 4 are quite small, so I think it may make sense to bundle them together with Step 2.

Author: A customer missed a sub-step, so I'm breaking big steps into smaller ones.

For other deployments, make sure the `symbols` service has access to the codeintel DB then set the environment variables.

**Step 2:** Kick off indexing

1. Visit your repository in the Sourcegraph UI
1. Click on the branch selector, click **Commits**, and select the second most recent commit (this avoids routing the request to Zoekt)
1. Open the symbols sidebar to kick off indexing (it's ok to see a loading spinner, that probably means indexing is in progress)

> **Step 3:** See the section below to [check on the indexing status](#how-do-i-check-the-indexing-status).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 3:** Check that your repository is being indexed by following the <a href="#how-do-i-check-the-indexing-status" aria-label="How do I check the indexing status?">instructions</a> below.
```

suggestion(non-blocking): For continuity from the previous, bit, I think it would better to start the sentence with "check" rather than "see"; otherwise, once you've read "See the section below", there may be a brief mental hiccup (wait, why?) until that is answered by the next clause.

Also, repeating "your repository" makes it clearer that you want to look for this one thing in the indexing status output, you don't need to look at the full output.
